All right.
So after you've exhausted kick and telegram and again it's kind of like digging for coal.
You see everybody you had a kid you can't get rid of there's what you probably find 10 years in a time
you'd have to get to take a telegram and say hi is useful doing this.
Your accounts that people can reach out to you once you actually starting your account ward.
The last thing you can do and this is kind of your last resort is someone you really really want to
work with them so that you can do it well and solicit a shout out.
So what you do is you would take a post you would post it and you attack them in a photo you type into
the Captain whatever way it's good to notify them and then you tax them on chances are bull knows they
don't probably know every single follow every single line but they probably notice when they get tagged
to hey.
So that's one way of building a relationship really setting your attention after you've had that start
process once you know there's work to direct message.
See if that works OK.
And telegram doesn't really work.
You could actually find them and they ignore you in which case yes message again.
But it's just one way of getting their attention.
With larger hundreds of hours a day.
So it's a good guess that they might not actually recognize you or even notice that you message them.
So that's one way of doing it.
Again last resort though.
OK.
After you done that you got qualified list of people that actually are interested and usually only reach
out when you want to shout.
You don't really pre-qualify them beforehand but you could do it that way if you wanted to you aren't
all people that are actually interested in what you have to do is qualify them on your own.
Need to figure out once you actually contact your own doing a shout.
Figure out whether or not their account is good.
I don't know whether or not they have a good account.
I mean do they have followers.
They think that's a bad thing.
What's their engagement.
Why.
That's another thing worth looking at.
You don't really want to work with someone that has terrible occasion where they fall or even if they
have millions and millions of followers.
So the best way I know doing this is to use two different tools.
So the first one that you can use is called.
So sawblade.
OK.
So what do you do when you got home.
It's FREE.
So then what I would do is bring a username from their account and that is technology.
OK.
And then all you have to do is search.
All right then we have a thread here it's clearly not Bloomberg's not that.
That Let's say I want to do technology that 4.2 million so click that.
OK.
Here we go.
Now I hope they're right.
We have a rating very quickly.
Who obviously is.
How active are they.
How good is your engagement relative to other similar accounts.
Now do you see the pictures they upload it.
How do you deal with fallers it get to me.
You know here's a detailed breakdown to see how many they've gained.
How long did he lie.
Knows.
And you can see how their trajectory growing.
OK so that's the free version.
Now if you wanted to really draw down on it and because this is not accurate 100 some of the time but
it's one data point I think we're using.
So go to heighth auditor dot com.
They already have an account at the Manor.
They'll give you something like 10 free checks on the site so when you use the search engine they generate
a report their report gives you things like a rating and it will try to guess how many they have that
are fake.
So I can type in technology here and will populate.
See that's the thing was a quick check OK.
That generates a report and you just kind of have to sit back and relax because the accounts actually
take a long time to generate.
All right so after it takes its time to gather the information we get this.
OK so this cut group technology 69 out of 100 hundreds as good.
OK.
But I like the summary right here a considerable number of followers with a low gauge minority.
I mean look their followers.
OK so 25 percent are from India 5 percent from Russia in Tunisia Brazil you'll kind of notice that U.S.
is the largest market currently for Instagram.
So those are going to show up pretty much all the time in India just the general has 1.4 billion people.
And these are the other big developing countries that are large populations.
You can also probably look at smartphone penetration and this probably matches that decently well.
So of their audience type it says close to 10 percent are suspicious.
So that means half a million of them are questionable accounts are dead and it is just not real.
Right.
Here we have mass followers.
So these are people that constantly follow other people.
OK a lot of businesses do this and it's something that we all do because that's the strategy we use
every time we follow some old rock checking out their account we're not actually a consumer.
So how many of them follow that category are about half a million so we can almost knock off point nine
million that's still a pretty big account though so real people at 3.3 million are still pretty big
baller is reachability.
So 87 percent of followers have less than.
OK so what this basically means is that all of the followers they have.
Do those followers follow a lot of people that follow other people that use of their feeds or an uptick
really quickly.
So your odds of reaching them just get harder and harder.
So this will just as average.
That is pretty much the average.
The quality of their followers says Very good.
Kind of just depends on your interpretation 77 percent I guess would be pretty good especially in larger
accounts and a smaller account then you'd be a little kind of curious where other suspicious accounts
came from.
Then we have things like engagement rate.
Their engagement rate is below 1 percent and that's bad.
OK so you can see right here that they give a similar account as 1.4 percent.
Now how they calculate that.
I'm not entirely sure but it's usually pretty accurate.
So that's something that we would be kind of concerned with they're kind of in the lower end of the
bucket as you can see here tapers off very quickly so some of the more elite ones are up here.
But other than that it looks like most of their account look likes and comments are not from bots.
They're usually pretty good likes to comment ratio.
That's you know you can get your own interpretation from that.
It just kind of depends on the call the actions are using the Post they're making but I don't usually
think a whole lot about it.
Then you can see the likers language.
So you can tell 66 percent is English.
So if you had an English account than my own but half of them follow that.
So.
So what I would say is you could probably glean from this that if you wanted to do a shout out with
them and they give you a price or a number of shouted saying for you in return I would discount it a
little bit just because their engagement is not that great.
1 percent pretty low.
So I'd almost treat this 4.3 million person account more like a two and a half or two.
Still a massive account and it's still going to give you a lot of attention.
It's just that they're kind of punching below their weight to use in a phrase from boxing.
OK guys.
So that is pretty much the process you go through right.
You identify the ones that do shout outs.
Then you just kind of track down the list for how you contact them.
OK.
And then you just run them through a program like this to see whether or not they're worth it.
You use this in the actual conversation with them the negotiation and say you know beforehand whether
or not you really really want to pay for or trade for a shout out based on their stats or hey you can
find sometimes the ones who said Jonker pounce and that might kill the conversation for you.
The point is you don't want to waste your time and waste your money working at accounts that just don't
work.
All right guys that's it for now.
We'll see you in the next election.